Send full state instead of deltas (#175)
Resonate-Protocol/spec: roles/metadata/v1.md

- `metadata`: object
  - `timestamp`: integer - server clock time in microseconds for when this metadata is valid
  - `title?`: string - track title
  - `artist?`: string - primary artist(s)
  - `album_artist?`: string - album artist(s)
  - `album?`: string - name of the album or release that this track belongs to
  - `artwork_url?`: string - URL to artwork image. Useful for clients that want to forward metadata to external systems or for powerful clients that can fetch and process images themselves
  - `year?`: integer - release year in YYYY format
  - `track?`: integer - track number on the album (1-indexed), absent if unknown or not applicable

>   - `progress?`: object - playback progress information. The server must send this object whenever playback state changes (play, pause, resume, seek, playback speed change)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `progress?`: object - playback progress information. Omitting it clears the client's position, so include it in every `metadata` state that has a position to report. The server must send a new `metadata` state whenever playback state changes (play, pause, resume, seek, playback speed change)
```

The wording still sounded like you should only send the progress object (which of course clears all other metadata).
